Hi, guys, and welcome to another lesson and this lesson I'm going to discuss IWC global accelerator
global accelerator OGI is a networking service that allows you to utilise the IWC global network to
send data to your applications.
Now, using IWC as network means you're avoiding the internet for a large part of the data transfer,
and that means that you get better bandwidth and latency and a lot of consistency, much more consistency
than you would get on the public incident.
So let's have a look at the architecture.
Let's say we have an application running in UX one and another one in AP Southeast, too.
Now it's the same application and it's running behind an application load balancer in both regions.
And what we want to do is direct our users to the region that's closest to them, and that is healthy
as well.
That's actually operating.
So let's say we have some users in United States.
In this case, we're using Amazon Route 50 free with an alias record that points to global accelerators
endpoints, so the users will resolve in this case, DCT labs dot com, and they get an answer.
Now that answer includes two static any cost IP addresses.
Now, by the way, just as a little aside, you need to understand that when you use an alias record
with Route 53, what you're doing is you're mapping your domain name like DCC Labs dot com to the domain
name of the global accelerator endpoint.
In the case of a load balancer, it would be the low Palance DNS name.
What then happens is you need to resolve the DNS name of global accelerator to its IP addresses.
And in this case, you get these two static IP addresses.
So that means you can whitelist these in your firewalls.
Now, these two IP addresses will both lead to your application wherever the application is, so you
can have your application in several regions around the world, and you'll still only ever use these
two IP addresses to connect to those endpoints.
So it's not one of these per each region, it's actually either of these IP addresses will actually
take you to any region that's active, but you'll be directed to the region it's closest to you, or
you can assign weightings.
So what happens after you've got the resolution?
You've got the IP address and you're now directed to the closest edge location to you.
So these users are in the United States, so there'll be a cloud front edge location near to them,
and actual location is not an IWC data center.
There's lots of edge locations around, and they host some resources for IWC, including Cloud Front,
which is a content delivery network.
So what happens is you connect to the edge location that's closest to where you are and then you use
the IWC global network to actually connect to the application endpoints, and those can be in multiple
regions.
So again, you're using these static any cost IP addresses to connect to multiple regions and you get
directed based on where you are.
So in this case, the traffic will traverse the global network, but the users will actually be directed
to US East one.
So just to help you understand as further, the users are somewhere in the U.S., let's say that somewhere
near New York.
And they're going to get directed to an edge location is very close so that they do have to use the
internet, but they don't have to go very far on the internet to get to the edge location.
So that minimizes the chances of licensing from the point that the traffic hits the edge location.
It's on the IWC global network all the way through to the application.
And that means consistent licensee and good bandwidth, so you can definitely optimize your connection.
If the U.S. East one side fails, the requests are then routed to another endpoint.
So in this case, they get routed to AP selfies, too.
Now, AP selfies, too, is a long way away.
But because we're using the global network, we're not going to get anywhere near the latency issues
we might experience if we tried to get from over here in the U.S. all the way to Australia.
So Global Accelerator is all about optimizing network performance to your applications, directing you
to the closest regions, or you can manipulate that by specifying weightings to direct traffic to the
regions of your choice.
So that's it for the ferry.
And what I'm going to do in the next lesson is we're going to create a global accelerator and we're
going to see how it works in action.